<!DOCTYPE html> 
<head>
<title> mission</title>
</head>
<body> 
<p align="center"<h1>Mission</h1><br>
Mission<br>
</p>

<dl>
    <dt>The human and vehicle damage our society has grown to
        accept as a part of daily life, and the cost of being on
        our roads can be effectively reduced not eliminated.</dt>
</dl>
<hr><b>Response Time</hr></b>
<p>What we experience in our daily lives is the result of vehicle
operators finding themselves in unfamiliar life and death
situations with 1/4 of a second to respond and face the
concequences and not knowing what to do, and what to do next. (
similar to dropping a piece of fine china and not knowing how to
catch it. ).</p>

<hr><b> Tax dollars </hr><b>
<p>If the result of all vehicle collisions in the past year had
been reduced by 10 %, how many dollars would have ben saved in
our health care system alone ? Not to mention what might have
been saved in other areas as well.(human suffering, lost work
time, insurance rates, )</p>

<hr><b> Self Confidence</hr></b>
<p>No training system can ever make anyone perfect, BUT out
program WILL improve any vehicle operators skills and confidence
far beyond 10 %. We Guarantee it !!</p>

<p>Our training is not designed to replace any other driver
training system only to supplement them. </p>

<p>Our training is not designed to and will not teach you how to
drive or pass a drivers examination or test.</p>

<p>Our training is specially developed to teach and improve your
VEHICLE HANDLING SKILLS in unfamiliar ( scarry ) situations, as
well as routine operation of any vehicle in any conditions.</p>

<p>Our system will and has been proven to work in any vehicle
(front - rear wheel drive, standard - automatic transmission, sub
compact - trucks/bus)</p>
<hr><b> Real life situations</hr> </b>
<p align="left">Our School will not and does not test or examine
you! We only TEACH and provide you with the opportunity to
discover what you are capable of and where your limits are,
better than finding out when you are behind the wheel in a real
situation.</p>

<p align="left">We teach in a safe environment, low speed - very
slippery surface. The instructor is always in the car. We do not
damage our cars, but our students only get approximatly 300 miles
out of our tires, this is not a simulator, only a safe learning
experience.</p>

<p align="center"><font color="#0000FF"><strong>PROVINCIAL COURT
TRAFFIC TICKET REDUCTION</strong></font> :</p>

<p>In 1996, after much effort, communication, correspondance and
a referal from the Ottawa Carleton Safety Council, we persuaded a
Crown Attorney to use our program as a trial / pilot effort. We
felt that our program would do more towards educating drivers and
making our roads safer than the typical system of imposing fines
and licence suspensions. </p>

<p>Since then an on-going relationship has been developed with
other Crown Attornies, P.O.I.N.T.T.S and S.T.O.P.P. (Traffic
Ticket Specialists) in the area, we are all working together with
a common goal, to accept the fact that no-one will ever eliminate
Vehicle Collisions, but with a combined effort the number of, and
severity of collisions can be <strong>Reduced </strong>! with
further education, including practical experience. </p>

<dl>
    <dd>&nbsp;</dd>
    <div align="center"><center>
    <dt><font color="#0000FF"><strong>POST - TRAUMATIC REHAB.</strong></font>
    </dt>
    </center></div>
</dl>

<p>In many cases, drivers or passengers in vehicles involved in
serious collisions, may suffer a lasting psychological effect
reducing the ability of the person to operate a vehicle to some
degree or in severe cases, not at all.. We have had success in
working with medical doctors their patient to regain confidence
behind the wheel and return to a productive and ful-filling
lifestyle.</p>

<p>If the patient has a lasting effect, their
knowledge/understanding of the situation will make them more
comfortable and confident. They will also realize what type of
situations may be best for them to avoid. </p>

<dl>
    <div align="center"><center>
    <dt><font color="#0000FF"><strong>NEW DRIVER VEHICLE HANDLING</strong></font>
    </dt>
    </center></div>
</dl>

<p>We feel along with others that there is enough stress in
driver training trying to learn the rules of the road and how to
deal with traffic without having to figure out how to operate the
vehicle at the same time.</p>

<p>We teach the new vehicle operator to be totally comfortable
and confident with vehicle operation. All vehicle operation
should be second nature combined with reflex response. In an
emergency situation, thinking requires valuable time and space,
which is usually not available.</p>

<p>Upon completion of our progam the new vehicle operator will be
reacting rather than wondering what they should be doing in a
given situation or how the vehicle will respond to driver
actions.</p>

<p>Driver instructors and examiners can and will notice the
difference in drivers with these skills and drivers without.</p>

<p>Learning to drive with out these basic skills is comparable to
attempting to play hockey without being able to skate. </p>

<dl>
    <div align="center"><center>
    <dt><font color="#0000FF"><strong>SENIORS SKILL DEVELOPMENT</strong></font>
    </dt>
    </center></div>
</dl>

<p>Like it or not, age effects us. Physically and mentally for
different reasons we slow down and become restricted in our
abilities.</p>

<p>This a way of life that we have to accept, it is much easer to
deal with when we realize our limits and then adapt to stay
within them. Most problems occour when any driver, typically
unknowlingly pushes themself or their vehicle beyond acceptable
limits. This is usually covered after by the familiar &quot;
there was nothing I could do ! </p>

<p>We do not believe in testing drivers, we want to find out and
show them how good they are. Then we use that as a starting point
to build on for further improvement. Once again, we believe that
humans learn much better in a positive environment. We want
drivers to feel good about their driving skills, become more
confident and make our roads safer for everyone.</p>

<p><br>
</p>
</body>
</html>
